docs: document Lens XY chart legend Layout setting (#6058) (#6083)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/_snippets/line-chart-legend-settings.md

    
With the **Visibility**, **Position**, and **Width** options, you can adjust the way the legend appears in or next to the visualization.

**Layout** {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`
:   For legends positioned outside the chart at the top or bottom, choose how series labels are arranged:

    - **List**: A compact layout that flows series labels to fit the available space. List is the default for new charts when the legend is at the top or bottom.
    - **Grid**: A table-style layout that aligns series labels and statistics into rows and columns.

>     Existing visualizations keep their previous layout until you change it.

Author: ```suggestion
    Visualizations created before this setting was introduced keep their previous layout until you change it.
```

**Label truncation**

> :   For legends positioned inside the chart, on the side, or outside the chart with the **Grid** layout, choose whether to truncate long series labels and set the maximum number of lines for each label.

Author: ```suggestion
:   For legends positioned inside the chart, outside on the side, or outside at the top or bottom with the **Grid** layout, choose whether to truncate long series labels and set the maximum number of lines for each label.
```
